README.md, before:

IOP - Infrastructure Oriented Programming

IOP is a code framework designed to treat programming like infrastructure.
Instead of building code directly into objects or functions, IOP separates systems like 
security, plumbing, and electricity - and then plugs devices (objects/ functions) into those systems.
This allows for a more modular and flexible approach to programming, where components can be easily 
swapped out or upgraded without affecting the entire system.

Real-World Analogy:
- A TV plugs into your elctrical system.
- A toilet plugs into the plumbing system.
- A door lock plugs into the security system.

In the same way, IOP plugs code modules into infrastructure like:
- security
- output
- input
- auth
- UI
- database

Benefits:
- Plug and play modularity (swap components easily, just like plugging in a new TV or xbox)
- Easier upgrades (swap a module, not rewrite everything)
- Cleaner error handling per system
- Systemized file structure across any language
- More maintainable and understandable codebases

iopgen Tool:
The CLI tool 'iopgen' generates
infrastructure scaffolds for new modules,
ensuring your project follows IOP architecture
principles from the start.

Created By: Blighted Ashes

"Don't tear down the house - just plug in the new tv."

Commit message:

Finished setting up. Will update soon to create a main.cpp file automatically and a sln file such that it can simply be opened in visual studio and ready to go. Will also update the code such that a user can type // for a comment that gives code logic suggestions without giving actual logic. It would say something like // first you should declare a few things and then create an if statement and then a for loop nested in that if statement blahbitty blahbitty. The goal is to not rely solely on AI but also allow AI to look at a standalone module and be able to give suggestions to the programmer.

README.md, after:

IOP - Infrastructure Oriented Programming

IOP is a code framework designed to treat programming like infrastructure.
Instead of building code directly into objects or functions, IOP separates systems like 
security, plumbing, and electricity - and then plugs devices (objects/ functions) into those systems.
This allows for a more modular and flexible approach to programming, where components can be easily 
swapped out or upgraded without affecting the entire system.

Real-World Analogy:
- A TV plugs into your elctrical system.
- A toilet plugs into the plumbing system.
- A door lock plugs into the security system.

In the same way, IOP plugs code modules into infrastructure like:
- security
- output
- input
- auth
- UI
- database

Benefits:
- Plug and play modularity (swap components easily, just like plugging in a new TV or xbox)
- Easier upgrades (swap a module, not rewrite everything)
- Cleaner error handling per system
- Systemized file structure across any language
- More maintainable and understandable codebases
- Introduces the ability to failback to a previous version of a module instead of breaking the code completely
- Easier to onboard new developers with a consistent architecture

iopgen Tool:
The CLI tool 'iopgen' generates
infrastructure scaffolds for new modules,
ensuring your project follows IOP architecture
principles from the start.

Created By: Blighted Ashes aka John Patterson

"Don't tear down the house - just plug in the new tv."
